README.md, before:

<a name="readme-top"></a>

<div align="center">
  <!-- You are encouraged to replace this logo with your own! Otherwise you can also remove it. -->
  <!-- <img src="./assets/image/book-icon.png" alt="logo" width="140"  height="auto" /> -->
  <br/>

  <h3><b>To Do list</b></h3>

</div>

<!-- TABLE OF CONTENTS -->

# 📗 Table of Contents

- [📖 About the Project](#about-project)
  - [🛠 Built With](#built-with)
    - [Tech Stack](#tech-stack)
    - [Key Features](#key-features)
  - [🚀 Live Demo](#live-demo)
- [💻 Getting Started](#getting-started)
  - [Setup](#setup)
  - [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
  - [Install](#install)
  - [Usage](#usage)
- [👥 Authors](#authors)
- [🔭 Future Features](#future-features)
- [🤝 Contributing](#contributing)
- [⭐️ Show your support](#support)
- [🙏 Acknowledgements](#acknowledgements)
- [📝 License](#license)

<!-- PROJECT DESCRIPTION -->

# 📖 To Do list <a name="about-project"></a>

**To Do list** is an application to organize tasks

## 🛠 Built With <a name="built-with"></a>

### Tech Stack <a name="tech-stack"></a>

<details>
  <summary>Client</summary>
  <ul>
    <li>HTML & Javascript</li>
  </ul>
</details>

<!-- Features -->

### Key Features <a name="key-features"></a>

- **Add book with author name**
- **Show added book list**
- **Remove book from the list**
- **Get book list from local storage, so data is persistence**

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

## 🚀 Live Demo <a name="live-demo"></a>

- [Live Demo Link](https://aqurds.github.io/mv-bl/)

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- GETTING STARTED -->

## 💻 Getting Started <a name="getting-started"></a>

To get a local copy up and running, follow these steps.

### Prerequisites

In order to run this project you need:

<!--
Example command:

```sh
 gem install rails
```
 -->
 <ul>
    <li>A working browser</li>
    <li>Internet connection</li>
    <li>A code editor like Visual Studio Code</li>
  </ul>

### Setup

Clone this repository to your desired folder:

```sh
  cd my-folder
  git clone https://github.com/Aqurds/mv-bl.git
```

### Install

Install this project with:

<ul>
  <li>Node</li>
  <li>Linters (follow this link's instruction <a href="https://github.com/microverseinc/linters-config">install linter</a>)</li>
</ul>

### Usage

To run the project, double click on `index.html` file or run this file in your favorite browser.

<!--
Example command:

```sh
  rails server
```
--->

<!-- AUTHORS -->

## 👤 Authors 1 <a name="authors"></a>

👤 Aqurds

- GitHub: [@Aqurds](https://github.com/Aqurds)
- Twitter: [@Aqurds](https://twitter.com/Aqurds)
- LinkedIn: [omaraqurds](https://linkedin.com/in/omaraqurds)

## 👤 Authors 2 <a name="authors"></a>

👤 Sadaf Daneshgar

- GitHub: [@githubhandle](https://github.com/sadaf-Daneshgar)
- Twitter: [@twitterhandle](https://twitter.com/SadafDaneshgar)
- LinkedIn: [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/sadaf-barekzai-00480a242)

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- FUTURE FEATURES -->

## 🔭 Future Features <a name="future-features"></a>

- **Interface to read selected book**
- **Bookmark book**
- **Review the book**

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- CONTRIBUTING -->

## 🤝 Contributing <a name="contributing"></a>

Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome!

Feel free to check the [issues page](../../issues/).

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- SUPPORT -->

## ⭐️ Show your support <a name="support"></a>

If you like this project please send a welcome message on Twitter and let's have a chat to share coding knowledge.

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS -->

## 🙏 Acknowledgments <a name="acknowledgements"></a>

I would like to thank my wife, who always inspires me to be a better software engineer. Also thanks to Microverse for awesome support.

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- LICENSE -->

## 📝 License <a name="license"></a>

This project is [MIT](./LICENSE) licensed.

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

Commit message:

Update README.md file (request changes by the reviewer)

README.md, after:

<a name="readme-top"></a>

<div align="center">
  <!-- You are encouraged to replace this logo with your own! Otherwise you can also remove it. -->
  <!-- <img src="./assets/image/book-icon.png" alt="logo" width="140"  height="auto" /> -->
  <br/>

  <h3><b>To Do list</b></h3>

</div>

<!-- TABLE OF CONTENTS -->

# 📗 Table of Contents

- [📖 About the Project](#about-project)
  - [🛠 Built With](#built-with)
    - [Tech Stack](#tech-stack)
    - [Key Features](#key-features)
    <!-- - [🚀 Live Demo](#live-demo) -->
- [💻 Getting Started](#getting-started)
  - [Setup](#setup)
  - [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
  - [Install](#install)
  - [Usage](#usage)
- [👥 Authors](#authors)
- [🔭 Future Features](#future-features)
- [🤝 Contributing](#contributing)
- [⭐️ Show your support](#support)
- [🙏 Acknowledgements](#acknowledgements)
- [📝 License](#license)

<!-- PROJECT DESCRIPTION -->

# 📖 To Do list <a name="about-project"></a>

**To Do list** is an application to organize tasks

## 🛠 Built With <a name="built-with"></a>

### Tech Stack <a name="tech-stack"></a>

<details>
  <summary>Client</summary>
  <ul>
    <li>HTML & Javascript</li>
  </ul>
</details>

<!-- Features -->

### Key Features <a name="key-features"></a>

- **Add to do**
- **Remove to do**
- **Mark to do as completed**
- **Remove all completed**

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- ## 🚀 Live Demo <a name="live-demo"></a>

- [Live Demo Link](https://aqurds.github.io/mv-bl/)

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p> -->

<!-- GETTING STARTED -->

## 💻 Getting Started <a name="getting-started"></a>

To get a local copy up and running, follow these steps.

### Prerequisites

In order to run this project you need:

<!--
Example command:

```sh
 gem install rails
```
 -->
 <ul>
    <li>A working browser</li>
    <li>Internet connection</li>
    <li>A code editor like Visual Studio Code</li>
  </ul>

### Setup

Clone this repository to your desired folder:

```sh
  cd my-folder
  git clone https://github.com/Aqurds/mv-bl.git
```

### Install

Install this project with:

<ul>
  <li>Node</li>
  <li>Linters (follow this link's instruction <a href="https://github.com/microverseinc/linters-config">install linter</a>)</li>
</ul>

### Usage

To run the project, double click on `index.html` file or run this file in your favorite browser.

<!--
Example command:

```sh
  rails server
```
--->

<!-- AUTHORS -->

## 👤 Authors <a name="authors"></a>

👤 Aqurds

- GitHub: [@Aqurds](https://github.com/Aqurds)
- Twitter: [@Aqurds](https://twitter.com/Aqurds)
- LinkedIn: [omaraqurds](https://linkedin.com/in/omaraqurds)

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- FUTURE FEATURES -->

## 🔭 Future Features <a name="future-features"></a>

- **Add file/image with todo**
- **Add Google calender with todo**
- **Auth**

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- CONTRIBUTING -->

## 🤝 Contributing <a name="contributing"></a>

Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome!

Feel free to check the [issues page](../../issues/).

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- SUPPORT -->

## ⭐️ Show your support <a name="support"></a>

If you like this project please send a welcome message on Twitter and let's have a chat to share coding knowledge.

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS -->

## 🙏 Acknowledgments <a name="acknowledgements"></a>

I would like to thank my wife, who always inspires me to be a better software engineer. Also thanks to Microverse for awesome support.

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- LICENSE -->

## 📝 License <a name="license"></a>

This project is [MIT](./LICENSE) licensed.

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>
